Added spilling docs (#21718)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/devops/deployment-options/manual/initial-deployment.md

sudo usermod -aG disk ydb
```

## Configure File Descriptor Limits {#file-descriptors}

For proper operation of {{ ydb-short-name }}, especially when using [spilling](../../../concepts/spilling.md) in multi-node clusters, it is recommended to increase the limit of simultaneously open file descriptors.

To change the file descriptor limit, add the following lines to the `/etc/security/limits.conf` file:

```bash
ydb soft nofile 10000
ydb hard nofile 10000
```

> Where `ydb` is the username under which `ydbd` runs.
> 
> After changing the file, you need to reboot the system or re-login to apply the new limits.
> 
> {% note info %}
> 
> For more information about spilling configuration and its relationship with file descriptors, see the [Spilling Configuration](../../../reference/configuration/table_service_config.html#file-system-requirements) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `ydb` is the username under which `ydbd` runs.

After changing the file, you need to reboot the system or log in again to apply the new limits.

{% note info %}

For more information about spilling configuration and its relationship with file descriptors, see the [Spilling Configuration](../../../reference/configuration/table_service_config.md#file-system-requirements) section.
```
